# Stat-451-Final
We will be exploring CO2 emission estimates, total population, GDP, and endangered species all categorized by country. The datasets from which we are taking this from are all compiled by UNdata. Our primary focus is how CO2 emissions have developed over the past 50 years both in specific countries and on a global scale. To achieve this, we plan to use line plots to graph emissions over time and identify any technological advancements, policies, or other such events that may have induced large changes. 

Additionally, we are interested in analyzing the relationships between CO2 emissions and other country-specific factors like population and GDP. What is the correlation between these two variables and CO2 emissions? Furthermore, has the correlation increased or decreased over time? We will also take advantage of country data in R to create geographic visualizations as to understand spatial trends. If possible, we would also like to be able to display and interact with these correlations in a layered data visualization such that we can see multiple or specified patterns at the same time in the same space.

Finally, we also want to examine the human impact on the environment through another lens which is endangered species. Again, using R's country data, we can identify the regions with the highest total number of threatened species and the breakdown of vertebrates, invertebrates and plants. Comparing this information to the CO2 emission estimates data, we can gain a greater understanding of the relationship between CO2 emissions and various endangered species.
